Granite "Grant"

character profile:
Hailed as "the best f*cking scat singer" by Scatman John himself.

stats:


bio:
Grant grew up in a small NJ town, working mornings at gas stations and practicing his jazz singing in his garage at night. He started going to karaoke bars, becoming a mainstay and gaining moderate popularity in
the tri-county area. He started performing at local clubs and bars, where he was introduced to some of the local legends, who after hearing his distinct quick-talking style encouraged Grant to find his own path
when his cover songs weren't enough to make him stand out. He began trying out some new styles utilizing his quicker paced vocal method, but found he was complete shit when it came to writing lyrics. As a work
around, he started replacing words with vocal "skeeps", "das", and "bops" that fit the jazzy beats and sounds of the songs he was writing. When he was demoing what he had for his friends, they immediately
made fun of him, but also couldn't get those scattered rhythms out of their head. He started to perform what he dubbed "jazz rap" in the local clubs, getting laughed out of each place that he used to be a usual
preformer at. In one such club, Scatman John heard one of his jazz rap performances, and when he couldn't get the tunes out of his head the next day, he came back looking for Grant. They spent the next few months
practicing together so that John could use that style for an album he was getting together. He renamed the jazz rap style as "Scat" to dissassociate himself with the laughing stock of New Jersey, and his album
<i>Scatman's World</i> went on to put John on the map with his hit "Scatman (Ski-Ba-Bop-Ba-Dop-Bop)". Grant never got the public notoriety for inventing the scat style, and couldn't make it out of the local clubs
that took him back in after hearing the success of Scatman's World. He continued to write jazz and produced a couple albums for SANDSANDNOTWOOD.

selection phrase:
“This place is cool, man. I dig the vibe in here”

initiate interaction phrases:
- WATER (should we have water? Interaction with environment and accessories might be tricky)
“It’s drier than a Steven Wright act in here. Hit me with some water.”
“Got any more water you could spare?”
“Skibbidy-bop! I could use a drop… of water.”
- - RESPONSES TO SUCCESSFUL INTERACTION
“Aah yeah, that hits the spot.”

- CLOTHING
“I’m feeling a little… exposed. Got anything I can wear?”
“Hey, if you go out, you wanna see about picking me up a nice smoking jacket, or maybe a hat? No big deal if you don’t see anything that ‘wows’ you.”
“I saw this righteous scarf the other day. Can’t get it out of my head. Might be nice on the drafty days.”
- - RESPONSES TO SUCCESSFUL INTERACTION

- EYES
“I bet you look nice today. Or maybe not. I can’t really tell since I can’t see.”
“You know, eyes are pretty cheap these days. I wouldn’t mind a pair if you can swing it.”
- - RESPONSES TO SUCCESSFUL INTERACTION
“Whoa dude, way better. Oh. You look… good.”
“Yeah man, nice! They might not be top of the line, but they work. Very cool.”

random phrases:
“Beep bop diddly-diddly-diddly-do-bop-a-do”
“Hey, you wanna grab a cocktail after this?”
“You know what Johnny told me once? Go after your dreams, and you’ll have no regrets. Scatman John was a wise friend. RIP.”
“Hey you don’t have any cheese puffs, do you?  Actually, never mind. I shouldn’t eat any more trans fats today.”
“You ever had a ‘Risky Whiskey’? It’s got a little maple syrup in there. Real smooth.”
“Skee-dop-ba-dop-ba-diddlee-bop. Skibbly-skibbly-skibbly-dee!”
“A lot of people confuse Jazz with the Blues, but there’s a big difference. BIG difference.”
